update docs with v0.2.0 changes (#245)
eraser-dev/eraser: docs/QUICKSTART.md

    ``` bash
    $ docker exec kind-worker ctr -n k8s.io images list | grep hello-world
    docker.io/library/hello-world:latest                                                                  application/vnd.docker.distribution.manifest.list.v2+json sha256:80f31da1ac7b312ba29d65080fddf797dd76acfb870e677f390d5acba9741b17 6.9 KiB   linux/386,linux/amd64,linux/arm/v5,linux/arm/v7,linux/arm64/v8,linux/mips64le,linux/ppc64le,linux/riscv64,linux/s390x,windows/amd64 io.cri-containerd.image=managed
    docker.io/library/hello-world@sha256:80f31da1ac7b312ba29d65080fddf797dd76acfb870e677f390d5acba9741b17 application/vnd.docker.distribution.manifest.list.v2+json sha256:80f31da1ac7b312ba29d65080fddf797dd76acfb870e677f390d5acba9741b17 6.9 KiB   linux/386,linux/amd64,linux/arm/v5,linux/arm/v7,linux/arm64/v8,linux/mips64le,linux/ppc64le,linux/riscv64,linux/s390x,windows/amd64 io.cri-containerd.image=managed
    ```

## Automatically cleaning images

> After deploying Eraser, it will automatically clean images in a regular interval. This interval can be set by `--repeat-period` argument to `eraser-controller-manager`. The default interval is 24 hours.

Reviewer: The repeat period needs to be better documented in general. For job-cleanup delays we are require seconds, but for repeat period we are using input to `ParseDuration`. This should probably be fixed in the code. 
```
Valid time units are "ns", "us" (or "µs"), "ms", "s", "m", "h".
```

> Eraser will schedule collector pods to each node in the cluster and these pods will collect non-running images in the cluster. Once the collectors are done, results are de-duplicated and stored in `imagecollector-shared` object in `ImageCollector` CRD.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Eraser will schedule collector pods to each node in the cluster, and the pods will collect non-running images on those nodes. Once the collectors are done, results are de-duplicated and stored in the `imagecollector-shared` object in `ImageCollector` CRD.
```

```bash
kubectl get pods -n eraser-system
NAME                                         READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
collector-kind-control-plane-lv982           1/1     Running   0          14s
collector-kind-control-plane-ab840           1/1     Running   0          14s
collector-kind-control-plane-sg352           1/1     Running   0          14s
eraser-controller-manager-649c756544-bgfds   1/1     Running   0          26s
```

After collector pods are finished, scanner pod will be scheduled to each node in the cluster.

> > If you want to remove all the images periodically, you can skip this step by removing the `--scanner-image` argument.

Reviewer: Should we note that if deploying with helm, they need to modify `Values.scanner.image.repository` to be missing or an empty string?

eraser-controller-manager-649c756544-bgfds   1/1     Running     0          56s
eraser-kind-control-plane-lswqn              1/1     Running     0          12s
eraser-kind-worker-wfqc                      0/1     Running     0          12s
eraser-kind-worker2-gwbit                    0/1     Running     0          12s
eraser-scanner-78p49-vxb4j                   0/1     Completed   0          25s
```

Eraser pods will run to completion and the non-running images will be removed.

```bash
kubectl get pods -n eraser-system
NAME                                         READY   STATUS      RESTARTS   AGE
eraser-controller-manager-649c756544-bgfds   1/1     Running     0          61s
eraser-kind-control-plane-lswqn              0/1     Completed   0          17s
eraser-kind-worker-wfqc                      0/1     Completed   0          17s
eraser-kind-worker2-gwbit                    0/1     Completed   0          17s
eraser-scanner-78p49-vxb4j                   0/1     Completed   0          30s
```

## Manually cleaning images

Create an `imagelist` and specify the images you would like to remove. In this case, the image `docker.io/library/hello-world:latest` will be removed.

> 

Reviewer 2: Should we add that you have to re-deploy eraser with no collector image to manually clean?

Author: Isn't it possible to manually clean with collector by just deploying an imagelist?

Reviewer 2: yup that actually wont be a problem now with the locks
